Feature/tinymce5update 3 releases 5.9 to 5.8 (#2316)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/misc/releasenotes_for_stable.adoc

> NOTE: This is the Tiny Cloud and TinyMCE Enterprise release notes. For information on the latest community version of TinyMCE, see: link:https://www.tiny.cloud/docs/changelog/[TinyMCE Changelog].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This is the Tiny Cloud and TinyMCE Enterprise release notes. For information on the latest community version of TinyMCE, see: xref:changelog.adoc[TinyMCE Changelog].
```
This should be an xref, not a link.

Author: done
